
# READ ME
This script generates a .step-file from an APC propeller geometry file as they are found here: 
https://www.apcprop.com/technical-information/file-downloads/.  
Download and create a folder named "APC Propeller Geometry Data" within the root of the Code.

The propeller is generated in 3 parts: Hub, Blade and Propeller.
(Visualization via ocp_Viewer (Visual Studio Code extension) or CQ-Editor)  
The hub geometry is inferred from the filename (propeller type), but can also be defined manually if inferred incorrectly.  
The blade is generated based on the APC propeller geometry file. Supported airfoil types are NACA, E63 and CLARK-Y.  
The transition part between the hub and the blade is a loft (splined) between the first 2 airfoils and 2 ellipses at the hub center.  
The propeller is generated by combining the hub, blade and transition part.  
The propeller is exported as a .step to the local folder.  

## Usage instructions for Propeller Geometry Generation (in main.py):
Select the APC propeller geometry file and change the filename variable to the path of the file.  
If necessary, define the hub geometry manually or set counterclockwise = False. Select the desired quality via the number of interpolation points. Recommended: 50-100  
Run the script!

## Usage instructions for BEMT and/or Accoustic Analysis (BEMT_Acoustic_Job.py):
(optional) Define or select (from "iso", "even" or "fibonacci") Observers in an ObserverManager
Initialize Job with ObserverManager, propeller_name (e.g: "10x7") from available APC Propeller Geometry files or with a customized Blade() geometry, and RPM.
Run_BEMT() to compute Job.thrust etc. and optionally run_acoustic_analysis() to obtain the pressure history for each receiver (ObserverManager[X].pressure_history)
Optionally visualize your results using Job.plot_pressure_history_all_observers(), Job.OSPL_analysis_all_observers() or Job.plot_OSPL_surface()


### Required Packages:
- Numpy
- Pandas  
- cadquery  
- matplotlib (optional)  
- ocp_vscode (optional for CAD visualization)  
- cq_editor (alternative to ocp_vscode  
